>> Mike: So we talked about multi cursor.
Option and click is how we
got those little cursors and
without the Cmd+D thing.
It was just placing cursors, right?
If we alt click,
it's just those individual positions.
There is something called box select.
The way I remember this is,
it's multi cursor with Shift.
Multi-Cursor with shift.
And that let's us do something like this.
Alt+Shift, oops.
>> Mike: Sorry
it is fooling me by
highlighting in kind items.
Alt+Shift and then you can drag up and
over like this.
Really nice for Like if you wanted
to grab a bunch of HTML elements and
like embed them, or
you have a list of items.
Say we had something like this.
>> Mike: Like one,
two, three,
it looks I already did example last night.
So I could just drag
a line of cursors here.
Select them, one of the cool things
about multi-cursor support and
this works as it does in other browsers.
It's almost like each cursor get to
do in a little slot and a clip board.
So while I would go back here and
type like li and
everyone gets the same thing,
I can actually grab all of this,
cut it move my cursor into the middle and
paste.
It’s not going to be one, one, one.
It kind of remembers that each cursor
gets to hold onto it’s own value, and
then when you paste it out it goes.
The values are preserved
on a per cursor basis.
So, command U.
And I will update this that
option click also remove a cursor
if you click on that exact cursor.
And it appears to also work with
like if we have that multi
selection going on here.
And I alt click on this, it'll actually
get rid of the selection as well
not just the cursor which is exactly
what we would want in this case.
So you could select everything,
like we could do this what was it,
I haven't internalized this one yet.
Control command g, so I could say get
everything but remove just that one there.
It looks like it got everything.
Ctrl+Cmd+g.
>> Mike: Select everything and
then we on click.
>> Mike: Yeah, so
now,
>> Mike: Well, sorry I messed it up there,
but effectively we were
able to grab everything and
then get rid of this one and
that one there.
And in this case that particular term
is probably used 30 times in this file.
It 'd be really nice to
bring it all at once.
All right, so line manipulation and
this is a subset but
I feel like it's the attainable subset for
line manipulation.
There are hot keys for everything.
Most of it is not stuff
that I would end up using.
Like there are people who you could
steal their mouse for a day and
they wouldn't even notice,
I am not one of those people.
So here is how I like to remember it, if
I hold down option, I can use the up and
down arrows to move this line
wherever I wanna move it.
Right I'm moving this around.
If I add shift to that and
hit down I'm copying this line.
So I would say the moving around thing
I have internalized and I'm trying to
remember that adding shift gives,
it is stamping that all over the place.